README.md, before:

HW # 06_weather-dashboard
This is the sixth homework project.  I will be making a weather app using API requests that will dynamically update HTML and CSS.

Intro:
------------
This is my sixth homework Assignment for UCSD Extension Coding Bootcamp.

- I will build a weather-dashboard app using API requests that will dynamically update HTML and CSS.


Instructions:
------------
Instructions are located in the readme.md file in the following location: 
https://ucsd.bootcampcontent.com/UCSD-Coding-Bootcamp/UCSD-SD-FSF-PT-12-2019-U-C/blob/master/06-Server-Side-APIs/02-Homework/README.md


Resources used:
------------
- Bootstrap CSS CDN - https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css
- fontawesome       - https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.8.1/css/all.css
- google apis       - https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans&display=swap
- jQuery CDN        - https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.4.1.min.js
- library              - https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/moment.js/2.24.0/moment.min.js



Reference:
------------
- 06-server-side-apis-homework-demo



Progress:
------------
2020.02.08.~~~~- Initial Commit.  Initialized readme.me, and set up folder structure.  Created index.html, style.css, and logic.js.

Commit message:

For index.html, Bootstrap grid has been created, Placeholder data has been added.  For style.css, I updated the background colors of the various regions I will be working with with placeholder colors, formatted headers, and formatted element heights.

README.md, after:

HW # 06_weather-dashboard
This is the sixth homework project.  I will be making a weather app using API requests that will dynamically update HTML and CSS.

Intro:
------------
This is my sixth homework Assignment for UCSD Extension Coding Bootcamp.

- I will build a weather-dashboard app using API requests that will dynamically update HTML and CSS.


Instructions:
------------
Instructions are located in the readme.md file in the following location: 
https://ucsd.bootcampcontent.com/UCSD-Coding-Bootcamp/UCSD-SD-FSF-PT-12-2019-U-C/blob/master/06-Server-Side-APIs/02-Homework/README.md


Resources used:
------------
- Bootstrap CSS CDN - https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css
- fontawesome       - https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.8.1/css/all.css
- google apis       - https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans&display=swap
- jQuery CDN        - https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.4.1.min.js
- moment.js library              - https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/moment.js/2.24.0/moment.min.js



Reference:
------------
- 06-server-side-apis-homework-demo



Progress:
------------
2020.02.08.1005 - Initial Commit.  Initialized readme.me, and set up folder structure.  Created index.html, style.css, and logic.js.

2020.02.08.2117 - For index.html, Bootstrap grid has been created, Placeholder data has been added.  For style.css, I updated the background colors of the various regions I will be working with with placeholder colors, formatted headers, and formatted element heights.
